Documentation for `wait_for_input` (#11404)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/guides/index.md

| [Runtime Context](/guides/runtime-context/) | Enable a flow to access metadata about itself and its context when it runs.  |
| [Variables](/guides/variables/) | Store and retrieve configuration data. |
| [Prefect Client](/guides/using-the-client/) | Use `PrefectClient` to interact with the API server. |

> | [Receiving Input When Paused](/guides/creating-human-in-the-loop-workflows/) | Creating human in the loop workflows. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Human-in-the-Loop Workflows:](/guides/creating-human-in-the-loop-workflows/) | Create human-in-the-loop workflows by pausing flow runs for input. |
```
